Add documentation for reviewers and a checklist for PRs (#315)
physiopy/phys2bids: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Write all the issues that are linked to this one. -->
<!-- If this PR is enough to close them you can write something like "Closes #314 and closes #42" -->

> <!-- If it just reference them without solving them, you can add something like "References #112" -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If you just want to reference them without closing them, you can add something like "References #112" -->
```

Closes #

> <!-- Add here a short description of the PR content -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Add a short description of the PR content here-->
```

## Proposed Changes
<!-- List here major points of changes, so that the reviewers can have a bit more context while looking at your work! -->
  -
  -
  -

## Change Type
<!-- You can indicate the type of change you think your pull request is -->
- [ ] `bugfix` (+0.0.1)
- [ ] `minor` (+0.1.0)
- [ ] `major`  (+1.0.0)
- [ ] `internal` (no version update)
- [ ] `documentation` (no version update)

## Checklist before review

> <!-- If this section is not clear, please read this part of the dodcs: https://phys2bids.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributorfile.html#pr -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If this section is not clear, please read this part of the docs: https://phys2bids.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributorfile.html#pr -->
```

<!-- You're invited to open a draft PR ASAP, but before marking it "open" for Reviews, check that you did the following: -->
- [ ] I added everything I wanted to add to this PR.
- [ ] \[Code or tests only\] I wrote/updated the necessary docstrings.
- [ ] \[Code or tests only\] I ran and passed tests locally.
- [ ] \[Documentation only\] I built the docs locally.

> - [ ] My contribution is harmonious with the rest of the code: I'm not introducing repetitions and I respect the general style.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] My contribution is harmonious with the rest of the code: I'm not introducing repetitions.
```

> <!-- "General style" indicate those non-mandatory rules such as `'` instead of `"` and these sort of things -->

Author: ```suggestion

```

> <!-- "General style" indicate those non-mandatory rules such as `'` instead of `"` and these sort of things -->

Reviewer 2: You might need to change that based on #324 😆

> - [ ] My code respects the adopted style, especially lintering conventions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] My code respects the adopted style, especially linting conventions.
```
(or `linter` I suppose, if the point is about the settings for the linter)

- [ ] The title of this PR is explicative on its own, enough to be understood as part of a changelog.
- [ ] I added or indicated the right labels.
<!-- If you want, you can ask for reviews on a draft PR -->

> - [ ] Please, comment my PR while it's a draft and give me feedback on the development!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Please, comment on my PR while it's a draft and give me feedback on the development!
```

<!-- Write all of the issues that are linked to this pull request. -->
<!-- If this PR is enough to close them you can write something like "Closes #314 and closes #42" -->
<!-- If you just want to reference them without closing them, you can add something like "References #112" -->
Closes #

<!-- Add a short description of the PR content here-->

## Proposed Changes

> <!-- List here major points of changes, so that the reviewers can have a bit more context while looking at your work! -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- List major points of changes here, so that the reviewers can have a bit more context while looking at your work! -->
```

## Checklist before review
<!-- If this section is not clear, please read this part of the docs: https://phys2bids.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributorfile.html#pr -->
<!-- You're invited to open a draft PR ASAP, but before marking it "ready for review", check that you have done the following: -->
- [ ] I added everything I wanted to add to this PR.
- [ ] \[Code or tests only\] I wrote/updated the necessary docstrings.
- [ ] \[Code or tests only\] I ran and passed tests locally.
- [ ] \[Documentation only\] I built the docs locally.
- [ ] My contribution is harmonious with the rest of the code: I'm not introducing repetitions.
- [ ] My code respects the adopted style, especially linting conventions.
- [ ] The title of this PR is explanatory on its own, enough to be understood as part of a changelog.
- [ ] I added or indicated the right labels.
<!-- If relevant, you can add a milestone label or indicate an ideal timeline for this PR, including whether the progress of this PR is linked to other PRs being completed before or after it. -->
- [ ] I added information regarding the timeline of completion for this PR.
<!-- If you want, you can ask for reviews on a draft PR -->

> - [ ] Please, comment on my PR while it's a draft and give me feedback on the development!

Reviewer: Shouldn't this last sentence be for the reviewers?

Author: Ah, no. This is for the user to clarify that they want a review while drafting (otherwise in the documentation we wrote not to do that)
